Add ENV variables for CA bundle and client cert+key (#1886)
open-telemetry/opentelemetry-specification: specification/sdk-environment-variables.md

| ----------------------------- | -------------------------- | ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------ |
| OTEL_EXPORTER_ZIPKIN_ENDPOINT | Endpoint for Zipkin traces | <!-- markdown-link-check-disable --> "http://localhost:9411/api/v2/spans"<!-- markdown-link-check-enable --> |
| OTEL_EXPORTER_ZIPKIN_TIMEOUT    | Maximum time the Zipkin exporter will wait for each batch export | 10s                                                                                              |

> | OTEL_EXPORTER_ZIPKIN_CA_CERIFICATE    | Path to a CA Bundle | -                                                                                              |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| OTEL_EXPORTER_ZIPKIN_CERTIFICATE    | The trusted certificate to use when verifying a server's TLS credentials. Should only be used for a secure connection. | -                                                                                              |
```

To follow the format of OTLP's similar flag

> | OTEL_EXPORTER_ZIPKIN_CLIENT_CERIFICATE    | Path to client certificate | -                                                                                              |

Reviewer: I think it's good to mention mutual TLS or mTLS in the description for these two flags.

Author: That makes sense. I have updated the description.

> | OTEL_EXPORTER_ZIPKIN_CLIENT_KEY    | The client's private key to use when connecting via mTLS | -                                                                                              |

Reviewer 2: What are these variables supposed to contain?  Filenames?  PEM?  Base36-encoded DER?

If filenames, what should the files contain?

Reviewer 3: +1 to clarify the expected content. In the Collector they are paths to files containing PEM-encoded public or private keys.
